NARRATOR After rehearsing late
into the night, our Heroes
overslept and everyone rushed
to the Pokémon Showcase venue
so Serena could
register in time.
[sighs] So do you think Serena
and Shauna made it?
I'm sure they're just fine.
[AGREEMENT]
Though cutting it
real close like that
isn't such a good idea.
How will you make this
up to me if I'm too late?
Buy you a new alarm clock
perhaps?
Drop it. Let's move!
[URGENT]
[EXCITED]
Hey, guys!
We got here in the nick of time.
We're so sorry
we made you hurry.
♪ You're just a kid
on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best
of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero
be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Performance Pop Quiz."
SERENA
'Well, off we go.'
Yeah, good luck.
Thanks. One more thing
[APPEARING]
[WORRIED]
[SCARED]
Huh?
Are you okay?
Eevee, I'd like you to watch us
do our very best, okay?
[HAPPY]
[AGREEMENT]
You'll look after Eevee
for me, right?
Sure. Leave it to us.
Alright, Bunnelby, come out.
[APPEARING]
'Please take care of Eevee,
okay?'
[HAPPY]
It's gonna be just fine.
Let's cheer for Serena together.
[AGREEMENT]
[UNSURE]
[APPEARING]/[EXCITED]
[SCARED]
[SHOCK]
You know? Chespin never learns.
[AGREEMENT]
[UPSET]
Don't worry about Eevee.
You just go
and give a great performance.
Mm‐hm. Thanks a lot.
‐ Shauna, do your best.
‐ Count on it.
You know that's the way I roll.
[WORRIED]
PIERRE 'Ladies and gentlemen.
The wait is over.'
'It's time for
an enchanting presentation'
'of performers
and their Pokémon.'
The Anistar Pokémon Showcase
is about to begin.
It is I who will escort you
through this lovely dream world.
My name? Monsieur Pierre.
You are about to witness
an elegant competition
between performers who dream
of becoming Kalos Queen.
'And the winner gets
this Princess Key magnifique.'
KLEFKI
[PROUD]
[gasping]
Alright. First, I make it
through the Theme Performance.
After that, I
win my second Princess Key.
NINI
'Not quite. I'm gonna win.'
SERENA/SHAUNA
Huh?
‐ 'Nini?'
‐ Serena dear. Long time.
‐ Is she a friend of yours?
‐ Yeah.
What a nice surprise.
I didn't know you'd be here.
Have you won a Princess Key?
Of course, I haven't.
But I'll win it today
so technically
I already have one.
I'm going to show you
an incredible performance.
Hey, you're the Shauna?
It was so fun watching the video
of your winning performance.
‐ You were wonderful.
‐ Thanks so much.
That's nice of you.
I'm sorry,
but I'm going to walk away
from this Pokémon Showcase
a big winner.
Good luck. Let's both
do the very best we can.
Right.
[ANNOYED]/[CONFUSED]
[EXCITED]
[ANNOYED]
How cute.
It's easy to see
how my Smoochum's
really been missing
your Pancham.
Yeah. I guess so.
They're so friendly.
Aw, that sweetie‐pie Smoochum
is still as cute as ever.
Alright. Nini, Lilly,
and Serena.
You're all going
to be up very shortly.
NINI/LILLY/SERENA
Right.
It looks like
it won't be long now.
Good luck, Serena.
Nini, you too.
Uh‐huh.
The Theme Performance
for this showcase is
A Pokémon quiz!
[CURIOUS]
I didn't know a Pokémon Showcase
could have quizzes.
It sounds like
a battle of intellect.
Not only does the Kalos Queen
have to be beautiful.
She must also be intelligent.
'Beauty and intellect.'
Both are necessary
to become Queen.
Only those performers
who correctly
answer three questions
will then move along
to the Freestyle Performance.
Makes sense.
That sounds hard.
PIERRE
'That's not all.'
It's the performer
who will answer the question
but it's her Pokémon who will
have to win her the chance.
Performer and Pokémon,
working together
to dominate the stage.
Sounds like fun.
[EXCITED]
And now, it's time to give
a big round of applause
to your first
group of performers.
Look, it's Serena.
Wow, she's up first.
Hey, look. Isn't that Nini
standing next to Serena?
BONNIE
'You're right.'
Is Nini your friend, too?
Yeah, you betcha.
And now.
Our first trio of performers
must win the chance to answer
'in the Stone Trial.'
'The performers' Pokémon '
'retrieve a ball from inside
one of three boulders.'
'The Pokémon who returns to
the quickest earns the chance'
'for its performer
to answer the question.'
[DETERMINED]
I'm counting on you Pancham.
This will be a piece of cake
for my Farfetch'd.
[AGREEMENT]
You can do it, Solrock.
[FOCUSED]
Alright, my friends.
Let's get under way
with round one of
our Theme Performance.
Quiz Time!
'Eevee has many evolved forms.'
'Name its Fairy‐type Evolution.'
Hm.
PIERRE
'Ready? Go!'
PANCHAM/FARFETCH'D/SOLROCK
[EXERTION]
[ARM THRUST MOVE]
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
PIERRE 'Who will win the chance
to answer the question?'
[EXERTION]/[PROUD]
'Look, Serena's Pancham'
'is first to retrieve the ball.'
[FOCUSED]
'And close behind, Farfetch'd.'
Alright, Pancham, way to go.
[EXCITED]
[SHOCK]
No, Pancham!
[EXERTION]
‐ You can do it.
‐ Oh, I know you can catch up.
‐ Run, Pancham!
‐ Step on it!
PANCHAM/FARFETCH'D
[EXERTION]
PIERRE
'A close finish'
'but Nini gets
to answer the question.'
'So, Nini, if you please.'
[UPSET]
Don't you worry, Pancham.
You were amazing.
Let's see..
The answer is Espeon.
Oh!
PIERRE
'I'm afraid not.'
'Espeon is a Psychic‐type.'
'Which gives Serena
the chance to steal.'
Huh? Alright.
The answer is Sylveon.
PIERRE
'Correct. Tres bien.'
Alright!
What a relief.
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM
[HAPPY]
PIERRE
'Alors, question two.'
'Gloom has two evolved forms.'
'Vileplume and what else?'
FARFETCH'D/PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
'This time, it's Serena.'
It's Bellossom.
PIERRE
'Correct.'
Hm.
Don't be too sure of yourself.
Give it your best shot.
PIERRE
'Which Pokémon weighs more'
'Exploud or Ursaring?'
Ursaring.
The Pokémon Trevenant
has two types.
One is Grass and the other..
[DETERMINED]
A Ghost‐type.
I did it!
And Serena moves on to the
Freestyle Performance stage.
‐ Alright.
‐ Yippee yay.
That's one down one more to go.
I'm impressed.
[HAPPY]
NINI
'Nice job, Serena.'
I know I didn't win
but I hope that you'll win
this one for both of us.
Thanks a lot, Nini.
[IMPRESSED]
[GRATEFUL]
[chuckles]
‐ Alors, the next question.
‐ Huh?
PIERRE 'What berry
cures a poisoned Pokémon?'
MINUN/MUNCHLAX
[FOCUSED]
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
'Now the answer
s'il vous plait.'
Pecha Berry.
PIERRE 'And Shauna
is a Theme Performance'
'Stage winner as well.'
She's amazing.
That means we'll get
to see Serena and Shauna
show what they can do
in the Freestyle Performance.
Yippee!
No surprise.
It's them, after all.
[EXCITED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Gloom.
GLOOM
[EXERTION]
Oy vey. How did I get stuck
with this gig?
One more question.
Grab that ball or else..
Come on, Pokémon aren't tools,
you know?
No way!
If Jessie gets any more upset
I'm toast!
SNEASEL/MEOWTH
[DETERMINED]
The answer is Confuse Ray.
PIERRE
'Incroyable.'
And that means
Jessilee will move on
to the Free Performance Stage.
‐ Yes. I did it.
‐ Yeah, we did it.
Go, Jessilee!
[EXCITED]
[laughs]
No surprise here.
I did it.
PIERRE
'Congratulations.'
Okay, it's finally time.
Soon, we'll be watching the
Free Style Performance Stage.
Don't forget.
There'll be no
holding back from me.
Or from me.
And now.
It's time for the Free Style
Performance Stage
where the winners from the
Theme Performance Stage compete.
And what's more,
you lovely people
will be our judges.
Please cast your votes
using the Glow Casters
after all the performances
have concluded.
So please get ready
for sublime performances.
'First up?
It's Shauna!'
Wow, Shauna's up first.
You can do it, Shauna!
Alright. Flabebe, Fairy Wind!
[FAIRY WIND MOVE]
Ivysaur, Vine Whip!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Look at that. Pretty.
Of course it's pretty.
They've been rehearsing
twenty‐four seven.
SERENA
Shauna's amazing for sure.
But I have to beat her
if I wanna get up
on the same stage as Aria.
[REASSURE]
Huh?
Huh? Yeah,
you're right, Pancham.
Let's make sure everybody knows
we're giving it all we've got
in our performance.
[AGREEMENT]
That's all.
PIERRE
'And next up?'
'Prepare yourselves
for the beautiful'
'and talented Jessilee!'
What in the world?
Hmm.
Looks pretty cool.
[AGREEMENT]
Use Seed Bomb!
[SEED BOMB MOVE]
[SCARED]
Huh?
[SCARED]/[WORRIED]
What a surprise, huh, Dedenne?
[WORRIED]
Hey, what's wrong, Bunnelby?
[PANIC]
[SHOCK]
Eevee's missing?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[SCARED]/[EXERTION]
[panting]
Excuse me. Did you see an Eevee?
Eevee?
No, I'm sorry. I haven't.
Huh?
Ash, what's up?
Serena! I'm sorry, but we
don't know where Eevee is.
Oh, no!
'Please, let me look.'
[CONFUSED]
'Eevee must be petrified.'
'I'm sure it's waiting for me.'
But if you miss
your performance
I'm afraid you'll
be disqualified.
SERENA
Uh. No way.
You should go
and get up on that stage.
‐ I'll find Eevee. I Promise.
‐ He's right.
You've been rehearsing so hard
for this moment.
But, I can't!
I'm worried about Eevee!
‐ Serena..
‐ Hold on.
Let me find out
if they'll change the order
so you can go last.
I'll do what I can, okay?
Thank you so much.
I'm so sorry for this.
Braixen, Pancham, let's go!
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
Eevee!
[CONCERN]
Eevee? Please, where are you?
Eevee?
[CONCERN]
[SCARED]
‐ Hey. Eevee?
‐ Eevee?
SERENA/ASH
Eevee?
[SCARED]
[EXERTION]
Huh? There you are, Eevee.
Oh, thank goodness.
Where've you been?
[SCARED]
I was so very worried about you,
Eevee.
[HAPPY]/[EXCITED]
I think Eevee's telling you
to go give your performance.
[AGREEMENT]
Yeah, Eevee's right.
I'll keep a closer eye
on Eevee from now on.
PIKACHU/CHESPIN
[AGREEMENT]
Thanks, you guys.
Serena, did you find Eevee?
We sure did.
Here I go, Eevee.
[HAPPY]
PIERRE Now for our last
performance of the competition.
So let's all make her
feel at home.
'Welcome Serena!'
[EXCITED]
[HAPPY]
And here we go!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Now, Pancham, Arm Thrust!
[EXERTION]
[ARM THRUST MOVE]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[applause]
You see, Eevee?
I wanna try that dance you did
in tomorrow's Free Style
Performance.
[AGREEMENT]
It would be amazing
if you could teach us
how to dance like you do.
[AGREEMENT]
Let's do it!
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
[AWE]
It's brilliant.
This is so much fun.
You bet.
Serena makes me wanna dance,
too.
PANCHAM
[EXERTION]
CHESPIN/PIKACHU/DEDENNE
[EXCITED]
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[chuckles]
[AWE]
PIERRE
Please light your Glow Casters
using the corresponding color
of the performer you thought
'gave the best performance.'
Alright. If you please.
Good, good, good!
PIERRE
'And now.'
'The winner of the
Anistar Pokémon Showcase is..'
'...Serena!'
Yay. We did it. Yay.
Yeah.
That's her second win.
[EXCITED]
You were great, Serena.
Congratulations
on a wonderful performance.
Thank you, Shauna.
[groaning]
My not being the winner
is not an option.
[CONCERN]
Congratulations
on being our winner.
We're happy to present you
with the beautiful Princess Key.
[HAPPY]
Ha!
Ta‐da! The Princess Key!
We did it!
[EXCITED]
And we come to the end of the
Anistar City Pokémon Showcase.
Thank you all for coming!
Au revoir, mes amis,
until next time.
[EXCITED]
[chuckles]
Did you watch us?
Did you think all of that
rehearsing paid off?
That was a great performance,
Serena.
So cool.
Watching you made me
wanna dance, too.
Your excellent performance
totally got me in the groove.
‐ You've got two Princess Keys.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
One more and I'll be
in the Master Class.
[HAPPY]
As for you
let's perform together.
[AGREEMENT]
JESSIE
'Give me a break.'
The people in Kalos
have absolutely no taste.
Zero. Nada.
What do we do now?
Jess, don't forget they still
voted you third place.
You're right. Here's the plan.
We'll go work on my routine.
Again already?
The next win is all mine.
‐ Yeah!
‐ Yeah. Rock it!
[laughing]
Wow. So pretty.
[AGREEMENT]
Now we both have
two Princess Keys.
One to go.
Mm‐hm. I'm not going to lose.
Alright, Ash. Your turn next.
Awesome.
I'm gonna beat the Anistar Gym
and win another Kalos Gym badge.
[DETERMINED]
So why don't we go
to the Gym tomorrow?
Great idea.
Shauna! Emergency!
What, Tierno?
Trevor was so preoccupied
taking pictures
he misplaced his stuff
and he doesn't even know where.
Oh, no.
Man, what was he thinking?
That's just Trevor
being Trevor.
So I'm going to go right now
and help him look for it.
Okay, I can help you as well.
TIERNO 'Sorry to rush off like
this,'
'but I'll catch you all
soon.'
‐ 'Later.'
‐ Bye.
‐ Lots of luck, Ash.
‐ Hmm.
See you, Serena.
Take care.
Tell Trevor we say "hi."
[SALUTATIONS]
NARRATOR Serena has won the
Anistar City Pokémon Showcase
and now has her
second Princess Key.
So, will Ash be able to win
his seventh Kalos Gym badge?
The answer to come,
as the journey continues.
[theme music]